(The three friends go to Hokkaido as a part of Gu Ra Tour.)
(However, they start fighting as soon as they arrive.)
(Nothing has changed.)
(The first thing to do on their list is to have a mutton barbecue.)
(This is delicious.)
(After they eat,)
(they fight again.)
What did you say?
(The next thing on their list is...)
(to taste the famous Sapporo ice cream.)
(Please give me ice cream. I can't wait any longer.)
(The city of snow is turning into a dark night.)
(The days in this city are as busy as any other city.)
(This charming city has its unique quietness.)
(The night gets deeper as the three friends enjoy Sapporo.)
(They're on their way to the famous ice cream shop.)
- Here is the ice cream place. - Oh, okay.
- I love ice cream. - You know this place?
- This place is nice. - How many times have you been here?
- No, not this way. - The entrance is here.
It's my first time here. This place is nice.
I love having something cold during the winter.
Yes, ice cream.
The ice cream is here.
- Hello. - There's green tea flavor.
- There's green tea. - Yes, there is.
(This place not only has the ice cream that Gu Ra recommended,)
(but it also has eye catching desserts that are...)
(famous in Japan.)
(Welcome.)
- Have the green tea. - I'll have something else.
- I'll taste this one first. - Try the original one.
- Shall we order three? - Yes.
A cone costs like three dollars, right?
- Yes. - Yes.
Please give me the receipt.
Thank you. You should always save your receipts.
You're right.
(Meanwhile, the ice cream gets prepared.)
- This looks so good. - It looks delicious.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Doesn't it taste good?
(Hyeon Gyeong and Sang Ryeol eat it right away.)
- This is good. - I told you it tastes good.
- I like this one. - I told you.
- It tastes old-fashioned. - Yes.
- Yes, it does. - It tastes old-fashioned.
(Let' me have a bite too.)
I like it, but my teeth are freezing.
That's why we're having it.
- Kids can have this. - It hurts my teeth.
We should use a spoon. You should use a spoon too.
This tastes so good.
I can also taste my blood.
(I can also taste my blood.)
Come on.
- I don't want to hang out with you. - I can't help it.
- What do you mean you can't? - Are you two fine?
(Ms. Oh, don't be so mean.)
I think this looks good.
- This one. This one. - Right?
Why don't we all choose one?
Choose one piece you want to have here.
Shall we have a mont blanc?
- I want the one at the very last. - You want the choux cream?
Ms. Oh, sit at the center.
- The place looks cute. - I know.
The ice cream isn't too sweet. It tastes great.
I love this ice cream very much.
(The three friends finish their ice cream first.)
(Making noise)
Do you usually make so much noises when you eat?
- Yes. - Really?
Are you trying to control the sounds I make too?
Why are you laughing, Ms. Oh?
You're so cute. You always get mad.
- Don't be extreme when you're old. - He's so naive.
(After the ice cream, he begins to eat the cake.)
This tastes very nice.
- Try this one. - I'll try mine first.
Women will love this dessert.
It tastes so good.
(The woman next to him is trying it right away.)
(He's right.)
That one also tastes so good.
I love these two very much.
I get happy as I eat.
- It's delicious, isn't it? - We're having a lot.
- Sang Ryeol. - What?
Doesn't this remind you of old times?
DJ.
Turntables.
Oh, that.
- This thing. - Yes.
(Sang Ryeol showed off his fantastic DJ-ing skills in Songdo.)
(You got beat up by a gangster.)
(He revealed his incredible past.)
(Our DJ Sang Ryeol)
- This is exactly like that thing. - Yes.
- This. This. This. - Yes.
This one.
Shouldn't you say some things?
Are you my trainer?
- He's trying to help you. - Yes, I gave him the source.
He gave you the tips for you to be funny here.
Okay. I'll do it.
Oh, thank you so much ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to Sapporo. Come on! Yes. Yes.
(Very satisfied)
Everybody dance now
(The atmosphere goes up as his mature DJ-ing starts.)
- Sounds like a club. - Get me stone, Doctor Base
(We can't record what he is singing.)
(On the microphone)
(Jump)
Let's party.
(Let's party.)
- I loved it. - Yes, it was good.
It was very good.
This place is excellent. Everything tastes so good.
(Their first dinner was successful thanks to Gu Ra's recommendations.)
No, but look at it.
The air is so fresh.
- The air is so fresh. - This place is...
- like 2°C. - It's very fresh.
It's 2°C?
See there. It says minus 1°C.
- Oh, here it says. - That's saying it's minus one.
So does this mean the building senses the temperature...
- and displays it? - No, it's not like that.
- It isn't right? - They sense it somewhere else.
- I knew it. - Nobody makes it that way.
Why are you making it hard?
Did I do something wrong?
Hey, friend. If I'm curious...
You're the...
You're the expert on this place.
They measure it, and deliver the temperature to the display.
Who makes such huge thermometer?
I love it here.
- The air is so fresh. - Yes, it is.
I love how clean here is.
I love this sound when I step on the snow.
I love it.
- I like it how there is no crowd. - Yes.
You know so many places.
Doesn't this place remind you of Bae Yong Joon?
Rather than Bae Yong Joon, this is more like Snow White.
Where is Bae Yong Joon?
Where is Yong Joon?
(In the middle of the city,)
(there is a clock tower that has traces of its age.)
(Ms. Oh is waiting for the lover who has left.)
(There is a man who shares her feelings.)
(It's Sang Ryeol with glasses that look like Yong Jun's glasses.)
(The Sapporo Clock Tower looks like it will make all love come true.)
What's inside the tower?
It's a clock tower. Let me see what's inside.
They have a closing time too.
(The clock tower is already closed.)
- Oh, you're right. - Yes.
It's like some museum here.
- I think it's... - Is it a historical museum?
No, I mean a station.
Oh, a station.
- They have an entrance fee. - It's a station.
It's an old station.
- It's an old station. - There must be railways.
(It's not a train station, it's an old school auditorium.)
(It was built in 1878 and is an important cultural asset.)
(It is used as a museum showing Sapporo's history.)
(The clock works fine despite never having been fixed.)
- It's an old station. - Yes, I told you.
- It's a station, right? - Yes.
People preserve it so nicely here.
Let's go by subway.
(Gu Ra was bragging about his knowledge on everything.)
We have to get out from here.
- It's JR! - Yes, it is.
(He pretended as if he did not say anything wrong.)
- This is old. - It was built it 1886.
- Not even once? - Until today?
The clock is about 150 years old.
There are some people who maintain this clock.
- Shall we take a photo? - Yes, from which angle?
There must be a reason...
why they designated a point.
- The place looks great in photos. - You're right.
- Isn't Bae Yong Joon coming? - Usually...
- Usually... - Come on.
- I'm sad. - Why?
Yong Joon has never joined us.
Where is the famous Yong Joon?
(Here we are, Ms. Oh.)
- Shall we go up here? - Yes.
(The three friends are moving up to the photo zone.)
- You should sit here. - Yes, I'll see the angle.
How's the angle?
(Hyeon Gyeong and Gu Ra are standing there to check angles.)
- Is this spot right? - You look like a grim reaper!
(Grim Reaper?)
(A photo with Grim Reaper Gu Ra)
(Fellows, it's time to go now.)
- The lights are a bit off. - They should come from below.
The lights come from below in broadcasts too.
- Is it pretty that way? - It should be the same here.
- Right. - There should be a reason.
(Gu Ra volunteers to take a photo.)
You know... What's this?
The lights aren't too bad.
- Really? - Yes.
This is all right.
- How should I... - Wait.
- You look great. - Really?
Open your face a bit more.
Do it already.
(Open my face?)
Do you think my face is a door?
- It's covered by your jacket. - Is it a door.
I mean, your collar is covering your face.
You should've said that first.
Open my face?
Do it already.
Do you think my face is a door?
I was wondering what you meant by that.
But you look good in the picture.
- Really? - It's not normal...
- to look good in a photo at night. - Really?
It came out nicely.
(With Ms. Oh)
(You have to open your face.)
- Okay. - Take it nicely.
Gosh, it's the best one. 1, 2, 3.
1, 2, 3. Okay.
- We got a nice one. - Did we?
By the way...
What? It didn't come out nicely?
Why are your faces all so white?
It's because of the lights.
- Let me see how you took it. - I mean...
Why you...
- He took it from this way. - I look horrible in the picture.
Gosh, what's this?
- But she looks great in it. - She does.
- Right. - I'm a Miss Korea after all.
It's awful.
- Goodness. - What's this?
- You're horrible at taking photos. - I didn't do it on purpose.
It's awful.
(Though their pictures don't come out nicely,)
(they're happy to be together.)
(Our friendship...)
(is doing fine today as well.)
- Isn't it here? - It's here.
- It's here. - The course we're taking is nice.
- There's a tower. - There.
There's an observatory.
It's nice.
It seems to be a traveling spot for sunrise watching.
It's like Mount Nam in our country.
It's pretty.
- It's pretty. - You come here for the mood.
We should have some gyudon while we're in Japan.
(They head to the observatory in the elevator.)
If Hyeon Gyeong holds a torch here,
it will make her the Statue of Liberty.
You like this kind of jokes?
See? She doesn't like it.
She shows her feelings now.
Are we going to make a wish?
- Let's enjoy the view. - It's scary.
Gosh, I don't think I can go.
It's scary.
I get dizzier when I'm at a higher place.
- By the way, - It's nice.
the streets are aligned accurately.
Look here. It's refreshing.
- It's like Gwanghwamun. - It's nice.
Look over there.
- It's like some kind of a tower. - It's a ski resort.
- Is it? - I think so.
- It's good that we came at night. - I know.
- It's a tour around the city. - Right.
- It's amazing. - Right.
Let's make a wish for our 10-year friendship.
I hope you all stay healthy.
- It's important to be healthy. - Right.
The people around you must be happy.
- You're right. - I hope I become more flexible.
I'm planning to live this year...
as the start of receiving a lot of love from the public.
I want to love many people.
I want a lot of them to love me too.
Everything is included in love.
His voice has become softer indeed.
- That's my wish. - Maybe he got his fortune read.
You've become a lot nicer. I guess he heard stuff...
like he is going to die.
- I should've asked that first. - In the past,
we all hoped to be loved by the public,
but it's very hard to be loved.
- Right. - It's not easy.
- It's the hardest. - It's not easy.
- That's how I feel. - Good.
What about you, Hyeon Gyeong?
Me? My wish is...
- I want to put down my expectation. - Right.
Parents usually worry about their children.
But as I get older, I take my experience as an excuse...
to nag and give advice to my daughter.
I see.
I should lay down my expectation on my child first.
It's hard to stand even the smallest thing...
when it comes to my child.
- It's not easy. - It's not.
- You see... - It's not easy.
Like Gu Ra's wish,
I want ourselves to be happy first.
(Staring)
As an old friend of yours,
- I hope you get married this year. - Me too.
Me too.
- You're such a nice person. - Come to think...
You have to put down the thought about your age.
- Right. - It's meaningless...
to find someone in her late 30s now.
Women in their early or mid 40s should be in your consideration too.
- Women... - In their early or mid 40s.
Extend your limit. What's wrong?
Come on.
I mean...
- He's right. - You...
- I'm right. - He's right.
- I'm not saying that you're wrong. - He's right.
Hear me out.
- For me too. - Why are you laughing?
I'm only saying if you're getting married.
I don't care whether she was married once or not.
I'm totally okay with it.
Let's talk about this issue while we're at it.
Who are some celebrities in their early or mid 40s?
- It doesn't have to be a celebrity. - Look for a non-celebrity.
That way,
I can have a grasp of how they would look.
There's one.
Song Eun Yi.
They're all your friends.
- What about Kim Sook? - She's in her early 40s too.
- They're really nice women. - They're the ones.
Eun Yi is in her mid 40s, and Sook is in her early 40s.
But...
- I love the two so much. - Right.
I love them.
(They're great.)
- Let's go down now. - Okay.
Go down first.
Come already.
- There's no answer to life. - Goodness.
(They head to Tanuki Koji Station.)
It's here.
- So people won't be cold. - It's written in Korean.
- "Tanuki Koji". - "Tanuki Koji".
There are a lot of things to buy.
There are a lot of things here.
(Various stores and restaurants are located in this area.)
(It's the old shopping district, Tanuki Koji.)
This traditional market looks decent.
- Let's do some shopping. - It's a traditional market?
It's not a mall?
Well, it's a mall that's like a market.
We should vitalize this place a bit.
It's not so busy. It's not busy at all.
- What's that? - What's this?
- Shall we go in here? - This looks nice.
It looks nice.
- This place looks nice. - It's closed?
It's closed?
(The store is closed.)
They're closed.
See you.
So they close their stores around this time.
- It's 10pm. - They're closed because it's 10pm.
But it's good to have not many people around us.
- It's a pharmacy. - They might sell it here.
- It's closed. - It's closed.
Some stores are still open.
- This store has various things too. - Right.
How long are they opened?
- People are shopping in the store. - It looks open.
Let's go in then.
- Hello. - Hello.
It's nice.
When you have trouble going into sleep,
- this keeps you warm. - Guys.
Since we collected money, let's buy one item each.
- What we want to buy. - Let's each buy...
- something we need. - Let's do it.
I'm going to buy some pain relief patches.
You wanted pain relief patches.
I found them.
- They're the coin patches. - People buy a lot of these.
- This. - Oh, this?
Not this one.
- These are the ones. - A lot of people buy these.
Are they good?
A lot of tourists buy these patches here.
- These are the ones. - Welcome.
- Buy items worth 30 dollars. - That's how it should be.
Buy items worth about 30 dollars.
30 dollars.
- It's the budget for each of us. - All right.
(What should I get?)
(Gu Ra goes upstairs to search for items.)
(Hyeon Gyeong goes to check discount items.)
There are so many kinds of masks.
(What did they get?)
What did you buy?
- We all got pain relief patches. - I got these.
- Really? - Pain relief patches.
- What about you? - Me too.
I thought I needed things to relieve my fatigue.
Among all the medications, we only got pain relief patches.
- It's a must-have item. - It caught my eyes.
Why don't we just go get some acupuncture treatment?
And I got this one too.
- What's that? - This.
- Oh, nose hair scissors? - Yes.
I tried to pluck out nose hair with my fingers once, and it went bad.
I need this.
When you get old, you shouldn't use sharp scissors.
Your hand gets shaky that you could scratch the inside of your nose.
- Right. - Let's move to our hotel first.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(They head to their accommodations.)
It's going great so far.
Go in. I'll see you tomorrow, Hyeon Gyeong.
(Hyeon Gyeong enters her room.)
(Sitting on a bed)
(She organizes her stuff before going to bed.)
My nose hair scissors.
- Two of these. - Right.
- Right? - Those are yours.
I should apply some of these on my body before I go to bed.
- Go to bed already. - All right.
(The night deepens.)
(The morning of Sapporo comes.)
(The three friends agreed to have breakfast at 6:45am.)
(How's the breakfast served in the hotel?)
(The restaurant is full of delicious dishes.)
(It looks yummy.)
(Gu Ra is the first to appear.)
(I'm hungry.)
(What will bread-lover, Gu Ra, have for breakfast?)
(He gets a lot of rice first.)
Is this our table?
(Sang Ryeol arrives next.)
There is a lot of good food.
- Good morning. - Hi.
Good morning.
Did you have a good night?
I had a great night.
You look like you slept well.
They have all kinds of dishes.
(Gu Ra seems to greet her.)
I didn't have any rice yesterday.
(But he focuses on getting his food again.)
I haven't had rice yet.
I'm hungry. Gosh, I'm starving.
(Gu Ra sits down first.)
(He mainly picked Korean dishes.)
Thank you.
(These two share everything.)
Doesn't everything look so good?
Everything looks amazing.
I never used to eat rice, but these days, I can't function without it.
(Hotel breakfast in Sapporo)
- Did you fall asleep right away? - I did.
But I heard someone snoring.
It wasn't me.
Was it you?
I barely got any sleep.
- Why didn't you sleep? - Well...
Did thinking about me keep you up?
Your room is right next to ours, you know.
- That's what kept you up? - I fell asleep right away.
I went to bed just after 11pm.
- You got a lot of sleep. - I slept very well.
That shows how healthy you are.
Healthy people sleep well.
I used to eat bread at places like this when I was younger,
- but I can't do that anymore. - Me neither.
Why is it that foods made with wheat become harder to digest...
as we get older?
- I know, right? - I can't figure out why.
I eat rice no matter where I go.
(These middle-aged folks love Korean food.)
(Eating)
I must say, this hotel has the best breakfast options I've ever seen.
- I'm with you. - The food is good.
I guess that's why we came here.
Gosh, it's really good.
I'm so happy right now.
- The tofu is very good. - It's so good.
- This tofu. - I like tofu.
My gosh.
- You say that a lot. - "My gosh."
You keep saying that.
I also noticed that he sings when he's alone.
When did you start doing that?
- Do I? Really? - You hum like this. I thought...
- Seriously. - Yes!
I never hum or exclaim like that.
- You should watch it later. - Gosh, you totally do.
- You actually do it a lot. - Earlier, you were like...
(Oh, my.)
(He kept doing it with every breath.)
I had no idea. This is the first time I'm hearing it.
We can get going right away.
We're going to that place today, right?
Near the hot spring,
there's a sledging slope.
All right, let's do that.
- Let's check it out. - Sounds good.
Oh, right. I have to take my supplements.
What kind of supplements?
My vitamins.
(They get energized with vitamins.)
If you have vitamin C, I'd like one. Do you have it?
(The 3 friends' destination is Biei on the Sang Ryeol Tour.)
(The White Beard Waterfall...)
(and the scenery are a must-see.)
(You can enjoy various winter activities too!)
(To the winter wonderland, Biei)
(It takes about 3 hours to get to Biei from Sapporo.)
I've done a bit of research.
You guys will be moved when you get there.
I don't even think I slept for 30 minutes last night.
- Why? - I just couldn't sleep.
- You couldn't fall asleep? - No.
- Hey. - Is it because I'm not at home?
You know what?
I can sleep well anywhere.
Yeom Gyeong Hwan falls asleep the second he rests his head somewhere.
- He should be grateful for that. - I know.
He really should be grateful.
- Yeom Gyeong Hwan? - Yes.
He stays home alone all the time.
He lives alone in Cheongna, right?
Yes, his family is abroad.
He has it better than I do though.
He at least has children.
(They suddenly feel downcast.)
(Yawning)
- Get some sleep, Gu Ra. - I should.
Hey, you need to sleep when you're on a highway.
- We're on a highway now. - Right, we should sleep.
But why do we have to sleep when we're on a highway?
Hey, when you're on a highway...
- That's what highways are for. - Exactly.
- It's the best time to sleep. - We can relax.
Let's get out of this highway!
(I don't want to sleep.)
- Let's sleep. - We should get some sleep.
- We should. - You need some sleep.
We have to be well rested to have fun there.
I think we should stop talking.
Ma'am.
(They'll get some sleep since they're on a highway now.)
(They've become quiet very soon.)
(He looks like a woman who's fallen asleep while getting her hair done.)
(Gu Ra is fast asleep with his hair all wrapped up.)
I gave you a lot more than what any other companies can offer.
(Mumbling)
(Hyeon Gyeong keeps mumbling something to herself.)
(This actress with 30 years of experience is practicing her lines.)
I'll give you full support.
(Shall I really get started now?)
We must verify it.
(She's so charismatic.)
All you need to do is write. I'll take care of the rest.
(We'll sleep.)
(Ms. Actress, you can keep practicing your lines.)
(Hyeon Gyeong kept on practicing her lines for a long time.)
(After passing through a quaint little village,)
(they still have to drive 3 more hours.)
We're here, Hyeon Gyeong.
- Okay. - You can get off now.
(They've finally arrived in Biei.)
We came so far.
Isn't it beautiful? Aren't you happy you're here?
Yes. This is...
My, it's really beautiful here. It's like a scene from a fairy tale.
Tell Park Hyo Shin to come here and sing "Snow Flower".
(We feel as if we're about to hear...)
(Park Hyo Shin's song echoing everywhere in this village.)
(Biei is covered in snow.)
(You can enjoy sledge rides right in front of your house,)
(and every home needs a snowplow to remove snow.)
(It's a picturesque winter town.)
It's so nice here.
- My, the sound of the snow. - Gosh, there's so much snow here.
- Can you guys hear this? - It's really nice here.
- The texture of the snow... - Look at how much snow is piled up.
I must say, the houses here...
look like designer boutiques.
- Oh, actually... - When Ilsan was redeveloped...
There's something interesting.
You guys see those numbers, right?
- Yes, 1917. - It means it was built in 1917.
- Oh, really? - Yes, it's the year...
- That number? - the building was built.
- That number? - I see 1958 there.
It means that was built in 1958.
That one was built in 1917.
This one was built in 1992.
- Then this one is... - That's what they mean.
Even the trees. Look at those trees.
Branches usually get bent when there's that much snow piled up,
but these trees have built resilience to withstand the weight.
Well, when it snows... Hey.
- They're not roofs. - What I meant was...
This isn't a flatland. The snow falls down.
No, they get bent.
- No, they don't. - Look at them.
- The snow falls down. - It's all frozen.
- They can withstand this much snow. - No.
Trees must have that much resilience.
- Hey. - I thought this was over.
Hey, listen.
Look at that. Most branches bend from the weight.
Hey, look.
All the trees in this region are needle leaf trees.
I don't want to get involved in this.
- They have spiky leaves. - I don't want to be in trouble.
The leaves are spiky. They're not broad-leaved.
- I know that, but... - Because of the spiky leaves,
there isn't much space for snow...
- to pile up on. - All right, Mr. Gardener.
What do you mean by "gardener"? You want me to be a landscaper?
(Will they keep bickering at each other?)
(The 5 guys at the sledding slope)
(Daniel is so excited.)
(Joong Wan is a little heavy for the sled.)
(Jae Hwan caws like a crow.)
(Jeong Soo wants to look cool.)
(Seong Woo wants to look cool too.)
(Now, they head over to the mid-level slope.)
(The 5 guys' sledding competition in the early morning)
The rail looks nice. I like it.
(They're on standby.)
- The rail looks sturdy. - All right.
This is a practice game, right?
Yes, it's a practice game.
(Even though it's just a practice game,)
(it's like the last rehearsal before the real showdown.)
(The preliminary round of the sledding competition)
Ready...
(They're told to get ready.)
Go.
(Let's go.)
(They leave the start line at the same time.)
(Jae Hwan is beating everyone.)
(Screaming excitedly)
(This loud guy is right behind Jae Hwan.)
Let's go!
(Stop right there!)
(Jeong Soo and Daniel are slow.)
I'm too slow.
- My gosh! - Here I come. Faster!
Faster!
(Jae Hwan and Joong Wan come in first place together.)
(Flopping)
(Seong Woo comes in third place.)
Gosh, I came in last.
I got snow all over me because of Jeong Soo.
(Laughing)
That was really fun.
(Jae Hwan and Joong Wan enjoyed it.)
I had so much fun.
I think I came in dead last.
- No, Jeong Soo. - Gosh, my eyes...
So who came in 1st and 2nd?
- You and me, I think. - Oh, really?
- That means we're safe. - Yes, we are.
- Jae Hwan is really good. - Yes, he is.
- What's your secret? - Tell us.
How do you do it? Tell us already.
- What's your secret? - How do you do it?
You just have to enjoy it.
- Goodness. - That's so vague.
Is that what makes a genius?
Not effort? I guess enjoying it is key.
Just enjoy it, guys.
So what's the penalty?
Rubbing snow all over the face.
(The game is finally on.)
- That's so cruel. - Putting snow underneath clothes.
Gosh, no way.
- I don't like that. - You have to tolerate it.
And you have to keep smiling.
You just have to win. You won't have to do it if you win.
It might hurt a bit, so we should wish each other a happy new year.
- While doing it? - That will take longer.
- Hey. - I'm just...
He's so evil.
Are we going to be like, "I love you",
as we're shoving snow in?
I thought he was going to suggest something else because it'll hurt.
I wasn't expecting him to say that.
Then, three of us...
who grab these first will pass.
The other two will have to compete again.
- A rematch? - Yes.
- Okay, deal. - Put them wherever you want.
- Okay. - Okay.
Where should we put them?
(Ong Niel Hwan are deep in thought.)
We might end up going for one of them.
(Spinning)
My gosh, he looks cool even when he's doing that.
Let's put this one here, then.
(Jae Hwan makes a decision too.)
Seong Woo, let's put one in the middle of the slope.
Let's put one in the middle.
- That will be fun. - Good idea.
It'll be fun.
- Then... - Let's put one in the middle...
- Around here. - No, keep going. Go higher.
(They're taking this so seriously.)
Seong Woo.
(Seong Woo runs up the slope.)
- Stop, right there. - Let's do that.
Seong Woo! Around there.
- That spot is good. - Right there.
- Here? - Yes.
Good! Right there.
- Okay! - Okay.
(Daniel is on the slope too.)
Daniel, what are you doing?
Are you putting yours there?
Hey, I thought you were putting it here.
Everyone will try to grab that one.
How can we get it?
- How can we get it? - If you can't, you have to run up.
You just need to get one.
- This is going to be fun. - Okay.
I am thinking about which one to choose.
You can't stop thinking about which one to choose.
You can't see it well from here.
- Why can't we see anything? - We can't see them.
- Where was it? - I see it.
It's perfect.
- Seong Woo. - Yes?
I want to sit here. Can we play rock-paper-scissors?
You should've come first.
What are you talking about?
- You should've come first. - Do you own this place?
- My goodness. - So why can't I take this spot?
Why are you fighting with a kid?
Rock-paper-scissors.
Go.
Go over there.
(Jeong Soo looks for another spot.)
(He's glad.)
Please. Please.
I have a strategy.
Let's go. I have a strategy.
Me too.
You have a strategy, right?
- Ready. - I am nervous.
Go.
(They became faster than before.)
(Joong Wan's strategy is to pick up what they miss.)
Slowly. I feel dizzy.
(Jae Hwan and Jeong Soo slide down fast.)
(Who will get the ice cream?)
(Jeong Soo touches it.)
(But he fails to grab it.)
(However,)
(he runs towards another snack without any hesitation.)
(Yoon Jeong Soo survives.)
(Daniel grabs the snack on the left side.)
I got it!
(Daniel is excited.)
(Kang Daniel survives.)
What was your secret?
A man must go straight.
(A man must go straight.)
(The ice cream Jeong Soo missed...)
(is rolling around the snow field.)
(Seong Woo comes later and gets it.)
Hey! Where is it?
Where is it?
(I survived!)
I survived!
I did it!
I got one too.
(Daniel, Seong Woo, and Jeong Soo avoid the penalty.)
I grabbed it so tightly.
I grabbed it so tightly that it burst opened.
Why didn't you come down with us?
I was braking so that I'd go down slower.
It's okay.
You two fools can fight against each other.
(The fools will have a match.)
You have to touch the snack first...
- Touch it? - and then grab the ice cream.
We will put a snow ball in the loser's back.
- Let's go, Jae Hwan. - This is fun.
This is unbelievable.
I am confident to win.
- Are you confident to win? - I am.
- I am confident. - I am confident.
(Laughing)
(Who will be the one to get snow down their shirt?)
You've never showered with snow, have you?
- Showered with snow? - Yes.
- I'll let you experience it today. - What?
I'm trying to make you have good memories.
- You mean the snow shower? - Yes.
- Idiots. - Idiots.
Hurry up, idiots.
(Joong Wan and Jae Hwan will compete.)
Jae Hwan won every time except for this time.
I am going to try my best.
I won't lose.
I am going to bet my life on this.
I thought to myself that I had to win no matter what.
Jae Hwan was very competitive.
And that made me really competitive too.
I didn't care about our age difference. It was a match,
so I had to win.
(They enjoy watching it while eating snacks.)
I am ready.
Ready and go.
(They go over the start line...)
(with a serious face.)
Here I come!
Here I come, Jae Hwan.
(Jae Hwan clenches his fist and slides down.)
(Who will win this contest?)
Joong Wan is going the wrong way.
Hey!
(Jae Hwan screams.)
(Jae Hwan falls.)
(Laughing)
(Jae Hwan faces a crisis.)
How do you do this? Tell me.
(He won the preliminary round,)
(and he was very confident.)
What's the penalty?
(He thought he was never going to lose.)
(So he mentioned the worst penalties.)
(He can't give up just yet.)
(He gets up again...)
(and runs.)
(He runs down the slope...)
(with determination to win.)
(Joong Wan arrives first.)
You did it!
(Why are you right behind me?)
(Jae Hwan ran to redeem himself.)
Jae Hwan! Jae Hwan!
(They slide.)
(They desperately fight for the last ticket to survival.)
They are on the ground. The ice cream.
(Joong Wan...)
(grabs the ice cream.)
(Yook Joon Wan)
(Kim Jae Hwan)
Hey.
(You are the one getting the penalty.)
In every game, the person who suggests the penalty loses.
(They enjoy watching them.)
Let's go make a snow ball.
[VIU Ver] E28 Outrageous Roommates
"Memories Shared"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Why couldn't I grab it?
- Jae Hwan. - Yes.
Isn't it perfect weather to shower with snow?
I fell while sledding down.
You were very greedy.
You lost because you wanted to win.
I won because I was willing to lose.
(The Grim Reapers are waiting.)
(He presses the ball.)
(He's excited.)
I never fell once.
But I fell this time.
- Is that right? - Is that right?
Why did you do that?
I never expected to lose.
The person who suggests the penalty is bound to lose.
(It's the fate of the person who suggests the penalty.)
There's nothing you can do.
- Take off your jacket. - Okay.
- Okay. - Sit down. Sit comfortably.
(The loser has to put a snow ball down his shirt.)
- My goodness. - Sir. As a souvenir,
why don't you hold this up like this?
- Like the Statue of Liberty. - Yes.
If you drop this, we will do it again.
- That's good. - That's good.
You have to give him blessings.
- Okay. - We have to give him blessings.
- Give him blessings first. - Okay.
I will go first.
- Jae Hwan. - Please.
- Jae Hwan. - Yes?
- Ice. - Wait!
- I didn't even begin. - Wait.
Jae...
(He cries like a crow.)
Here.
(The penalty came back to him like a boomerang.)
- Hurry up. - Hurry up and do it.
- Jae Hwan. - Yes.
I hope your voice will get louder in the new year.
(He wishes Jae Hwan's voice will get louder.)
(His voice gets louder.)
It's so cold.
Jae Hwan, it was really nice meeting you.
Look at him.
- What are you doing? - We are teammates.
- Jae Hwan. - We are teammates.
Jae Hwan. Let's...
- Do it. - do better this year.
(The snow explodes inside his clothes.)
I never thought I'd lose.
I realized...
the person who suggests is is supposed to lose.
Let's play.
It's too cold. Hold on.
(They start a snow fight.)
(The game was just an excuse.)
It's too cold.
(He's frozen.)
(Catch me.)
(Don't let me catch you.)
I am so tired.
(Seong Woo tries to pay Joong Wan back.)
Wait. Wait.
(But he ended up getting caught by him instead.)
(He ended up getting...)
(a big chunk of snow in his shirt.)
Joong Wan won't last six months in this industry.
You surprised me.
(Seong Woo lies on the snow field...)
(and enjoys the winter.)
He's dead, isn't he?
Why did you die?
He died?
(He takes a photo of his friend.)
(You can't sleep here.)
I took a nice one. It looks nice.
It looks nice.
Right?
(The 5 men return to their childhood.)
It's so cold.
- I washed my face. - I need tissues.
(The game was just an excuse to play in the snow.)
- Makguksu. - Makguksu.
Makguksu.
We look like we've been doing this for five days.
We look like we haven't been home for five days.
That would be fun...
- to travel for a week. - Yes.
- We can travel around the nation. - Yes.
Makguksu
- Are we going there? - Mak, makguksu
- Gapyeong is famous for dakgalbi. - Dakgalbi
Gapyeong is very famous for dakgalbi.
- I think that will do. - We have dakgalbi and...
We will get a B Set.
We will order a B Set, but please make us happy.
How can he make us happy?
This is such an old-fashioned way.
"Give us 4 servings that looks like 5 servings."
Of course.
- Why are you losing weight? - What?
Why are you losing weight?
- Do I look thinner? - You look nicer when you're fat.
Why can't I get women if I look nice being fat?
"Get women".
All the women said, "You'd look amazing when you lose 5kg."
I lost 13kg, but they're still not calling me.
But I think a middle-aged man...
looks better when you're a little chubby.
When you are thin, you look like you are poor and incompetent.
I was poor and incompetent for a few years when I was fat.
My property was seized.
It's getting sad all of a sudden.
(His calm words...)
(make them sad.)
Then we have nothing to say.
They're getting better now.
- They're good at it. - Just overnight.
Right. You can go on any shows now. I'm very happy.
- We are trained. - Of course.
Eat jeonbyeong when it's still hot.
- Thank you. - Yes.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
This is on the house.
(Tofu kimchi is on the house.)
Whose fan are you?
Wanna One?
(Of course it's Wanna One.)
Thank you.
Thank you for the food.
(It tastes even better after playing hard.)
This is no joke.
I've learned it from Kim Jae Hwan. It's no joke.
(Dakgalbi, the main menu, is finally here.)
- Oh, it's hot. - I'm sorry.
(The sauce splashed onto Jeong Soo's hand.)
He's a junior.
Oh, it's hot. I can't pay for this.
(Obnoxious customer Yoon got a chance.)
Isn't he such a jerk?
I can't say it straight up.
(While they were having a fun conversation,)
(dakgalbi gets ready.)
Oh, this is how you put it.
- Is this enough? - Yes, it is.
Try expressing the taste of dakgalbi.
- Stop hosting a talk show. - Okay.
Honestly, I do want to be a host.
(Daniel has a talent for a variety show.)
Dakgalbi isn't ready yet.
Really? I dipped it already. What do I do?
(It's close to touching him.)
- Isn't it delicious? - Here I go.
He knows how to eat it.
- It tastes better that way. - I think it'll go into his nose.
It tastes better that way.
(He finally met cheese.)
My mouth hurts when I eat like that.
I need to spin it like this.
Right.
It tastes better that way.
(He's satisfied.)
(After that, he keeps shoving it in without talking.)
(Seong Woo's the new rising star of an eating show, threatening Daniel.)
(He takes a bite too.)
(He enjoys eating.)
(Jae Hwan is a quiet but effective eating show professional.)
(On the other hand, the final boss, Daniel is...)
(Stretchy)
(He eats just like Seong Woo.)
Rather than becoming a regular customer...
(He succeeded.)
Do you know salted chicken wings?
(The skill of the eating show boss...)
(shines here.)
(Something's missing.)
Chicken neck skin is really delicious.
- Chicken neck is super delicious. - Okay.
He's going crazy.
(How is he going to eat it?)
Can you do it?
Open your mouth, Daniel.
Here he goes.
(He catches it at once.)
I thought you're worried about your image.
Not even comedians do that.
(Seong Woo and Daniel don't care about their images.)
Comedians don't do this because it's dirty.
They don't do it if it's seasoned.
He makes it look really delicious.
- Open your mouth. - Hurry up and eat.
I'll give one to Jeong Soo since he suffered the most today.
Cheese is wrapped nicely.
(A piece of dakgalbi relieves his fatigue.)
- I should do it too. - Seong Woo too. Ong Seong Woo.
Well done today.
Thank you.
Dakgalbi and cheese go well, don't they?
(Jae Hwan quietly grabs lettuce.)
(A piece of dakgalbi...)
(and three pieces of garlic?)
He put something a lot.
(He added extra garlic.)
I'd like to give this to Joong Wan.
- Let me give him my heart. - Sure.
(He eats it at once without noticing.)
- How much garlic did you put in? - He put in so much garlic.
Did you really put in garlic?
How much did you put in?
(He shyly sticks out his five fingers.)
This is the day today.
(He can't swallow or spit it out.)
It's pretty spicy.
Does your nose sting?
No. My tongue hurts.
(My tongue hurts.)
(I can't suffer alone.)
If you mix rice here now, it's super delicious.
Excuse me. Do you have chili pepper?
Can you give me the spiciest one?
With my love.
(He's nervous.)
I'll add the spiciest sauce too.
- Thank you. - That looks really spicy.
That looks super spicy.
- Rather than rock-paper-scissors, - Okay.
- say a number like 15. - Okay.
Hold your chopstick and count 1, 2, 3.
- 1, 2, 3, - Like a game?
- 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. - Good. That's good.
And 17. Like this.
That's amazing. I was going to give this to Jae Hwan.
- You're safe. - Between 7 and 15.
- You're safe. - Thank you.
Between 7 and 15.
Now...
1, 2, 3.
Nine.
- Now. - We're all pointing at each other.
One.
- Hurry up. - Two.
- 3. - 4.
- 5. - 6.
- 7. - 8.
Nine.
(He's up for a penalty.)
(I'm safe.)
(It's okay as long as it's not me.)
It's your day today.
If he tries something...
If you try something, you get caught.
- Whoever suggests it gets caught. - Right.
I just had one.
I'm very lucky today.
- I'm eating it instead of you. - That was actually for Jae Hwan.
(He's still sweating from the wrap he just had.)
He's sweating already.
What if I can't talk because my tongue gets snapped?
It's fine. We have many people for a talk here.
It looks really spicy.
We have a new host to be. Don't worry.
That's going to be really spicy.
- Here it goes. - "Here it goes."
- Water. Have water ready. - You have to make up your mind.
(He eats it at once without hesitation.)
Swallow it. Hurry up.
(Spicy taste spreads in his mouth rapidly.)
Malfunctioning.
(He feels like dying from eating it.)
He can't even swallow it.
(He barely completed the penalty.)
Let's do it one more time.
(Let's stop now.)
That was for Jae Hwan.
That was hilarious, wasn't it?
Oh, it's makguksu. Awesome.
- Spicy one. - Is that pine nut powder?
(Slurping)
This is Daniel's favorite.
- Right? - It's really good.
- It's my favorite. - Right?
It might be because of pine nuts.
- Pine nuts and laver. - And peanut powder.
- Isn't it delicious? - Laver will remind me of you now.
- It's really good. - Yes.
- Let's finish it up and leave. - Okay.
Let's go sleep for about two hours at home.
- I'm really tired. - Okay.
(Gyeong Gyu and Sung Kyu visit Sung Kyu's hometown, Jeonju.)
(They enjoy bibimbap at Sung Kyu's favorite restaurant.)
(The next destination of Sung Kyu's trip is...)
(the high school that he went to.)
This school is clear, isn't it?
- This is nice. - It's nice.
It's been a long time since I was here.
- First time after graduation? - Yes.
- Did you walk here? - Yes.
- When you were in high school? - Yes.
There it is. Chonbuk University.
Yes. It's over there.
Chonbuk National...
- University High School. - I see.
- Do you remember the paths? - Of course.
Did anything change or are they the same?
- The building's still the same. - Is it?
There were no basketball hoops before.
That's new.
Is there class today?
- They're probably in class. - Are they in class?
Are they?
It must've been PE class.
Oh, PE class.
- That's the auditorium. - Okay.
That's the way to the classrooms.
Doesn't it feel new?
It does.
(What is that?)
They're your juniors.
- Yes, they are. - Right?
- They're cheerful. - I was cheerful like them.
- What? - Right.
(He's shy, but he's happy.)
- Hello. - Hello.
(Gyeong Gyu's proud too.)
My juniors.
(Classroom windows are open wide at the appearance of Sung Kyu.)
(While they're saying hello, the recess is over.)
I'm sure you were an exemplary student.
- Me? - I love you.
I think I was...
(They say goodbye before the teacher comes in.)
You know...
- When I was in high school... - Yes.
Do you have any special memories?
I have a lot. When I was in high school...
There were many students on the bus.
We were pushed around on the bus.
While I was on the bus,
my backpack was switched.
Was it switched while being pushed?
On the bus.
(He takes a look at his school one more time before leaving.)
- It's nice. - What?
I know. Did you walk in the back alley too?
I was here the most.
Here?
I walked out of this door...
- after school. - Of course.
I used to eat something here.
- There used to be an arcade. - I see.
I went there a lot.
It's worth visiting your old town.
- Since we visited my school, - Yes.
there's a famous park that I used to go to when I was young.
- A park? - Yes. A big park.
There's a lake too.
In this cold weather?
Did you go there with your friends?
I have good memories there.
What kind of memories?
I took a walk with my mother...
and talked about my future.
- In Deokjin Park? - Yes.
- I went there with my mom often. - You did?
I went there with my friends too.
That is the most famous park in Jeonju, right?
Yes, it is.
In Busan, there is Yongdusan Park.
- Yongdusan Park? - Yes.
It is the most famous park in Busan.
Most teenagers go there with their parents...
and take pictures.
- Did you take pictures too? - Sure. In Yongdusan Park.
Deokjin Park must be a place like that.
That's right. I think it is.
- Let's go to Deokjin Park. - Let's go.
(Full of excitement,)
(they arrived at the park, but...)
Gosh. It is snowing a lot.
We're in Jeonju, right?
- Is this Deokjin Park? - Yes, it is.
(They have no idea what's coming.)
(When they arrived at Jeonju...)
(and got on the taxi,)
(they received messages of disaster warning.)
(Cold temperature and a lot of snow are expected until tomorrow.)
(Please beware of icy roads and take care of produce.)
I didn't know that it'd snow.
(It's not just ordinary snow.)
(With the cold temperature,)
(it is snowing heavily, and the wind is blowing hard.)
(In the heavy snow...)
- This is nice. - What?
- Isn't it nice? It's snowing. - It is,
but I wonder why I should be here in this cold weather...
and heavy snow.
The colder it is,
the more time we should spend outside...
- and the more active we should be. - Okay.
I understand that, but...
For you to walk down your memory lane,
why should I sacrifice myself like this?
There is not a single person in Deokjin Park.
Isn't this like a scene from a movie?
In this empty park,
(Only sculptures are welcoming them.)
there are only two men.
- Goodness. - This is...
- I mean... - This is kind of cool.
Why don't you write a scenario with this?
(An epic of walking down memory lane in the cold wave)
It would be great to insert this kind of scene in a movie.
It's a rare experience to come to an empty park.
This place reminds you of something, doesn't it?
- Yes, it does. - But I can't think of anything.
It doesn't remind me of anything now.
I'm sure you have something to remember.
- Look at the bridge. - Why should I?
And the lake.
Isn't it beautiful?
- Goodness. - Swan boats...
The scenery is amazing.
No one is riding the swan boats.
We are going to.
Why do we have to ride it in this cold weather?
That is something you should do...
when you are dating someone...
- in Jeonju. - It is?
Every couple rides the swan boats.
Then ride it with your girlfriend whom you're going to marry.
Why did you bring me here?
- There are lotuses. - There are.
Look at the lotuses.
They're lotuses.
They would have been beautiful if they had bloomed.
- It is a stunning scene. - A stunning scene?
They look awful now.
- They all withered. - They're all lotuses.
- They are all lotuses. - Look over there.
What?
- They're ducks. - Ducks.
The ducks are flipping themselves in this cold weather.
(The ducks don't care about the cold weather.)
Look at the two ducks.
They look like us.
- That is... - Look. They're flipping themselves.
(They're eating while flipping their bodies.)
I think they're eating.
- They're probably eating fish. - You're right.
It's a duck show.
Are the ducks the models of the boats?
- Right? - Yes. There are many ducks here.
Is that right? I've never seen lotuses in the winter.
They're like fallen leaves.
This is really nice.
(It's a relief.)
Did you come here often when you were in high school?
Yes, I did.
I also came here often when I was younger...
- Here? - and when I was 20.
(Both of them cheer up again and keep walking.)
Before I went to Seoul.
How come were you born in such a cold place?
I don't see anybody.
There are just the two of us in this park.
(It's even colder because they are lonely.)
- Did you cross this bridge a lot? - Sure.
- Even in cold days? - Yes.
- Really? - We have another good memory here.
- Since I came here with you, - With me?
I got another amazing good memory...
- in Deokjin Park. - In Deokjin Park?
On a day when it snows heavily like this...
(The bridge seems to be endless today.)
I should stay in a warm room eating grilled sweet potatoes.
(It takes forever to cross the 260m bridge.)
For goodness' sake.
- Why were you born in a cold place? - Wait, Gyeong Gyu.
- Let's take a picture. - A picture?
Now that we're here.
(Taking a picture would even make a crying baby stop like magic.)
1, 2, 3.
(It looks like they are really happy now.)
(Taking a picture is fine,)
Hey...
(but this walk seems to be endless.)
Gosh.
My goodness.
- I... - Look at that.
We're having a snowstorm.
You can't easily experience...
- something like this in your life. - What?
- I wonder... - It's picturesque.
why I came to Jeonju with you.
- It is like a piece of art. - What?
Indeed.
It is wonderful.
(The temperatures of the two men are so different.)
I will never forget Deokjin Park.
- It is really picturesque. - All right.
Deokjin Park... After eating only a bowl of bibimbap...
It is too cold...
in Deokjin Park.
When you go fishing, sometimes the weather is...
- I don't in such a weather. - You don't?
I never fish in cold weather.
If you go fishing despite the weather,
don't you feel a sense of accomplishment?
- Yes. I admit it. - Right?
I think there are...
(Even though they complain about the blizzard...)
many fish in there, right?
There must be many carps. What?
People fish in the lake too, don't they?
Of course they do.
You'll catch them as soon as you put your fishing rod.
(They don't give up and keep going.)
(They finished crossing Yeonhwa Bridge in the end.)
- Sung Kyu. - It is really magnificent.
- It is magnificent, isn't it? - Yes, it is.
- It is magnificent. - The snow, the lake,
and the bridge...
Did it also snow like this when you were in high school?
It is your first time to have snow in Deokjin Park, isn't it?
I wouldn't have come here if it had snowed.
Hey, Deokjin Park...
In order for us to have more precious memory,
the weather kind of blessed us.
- For us to shoot great scenes. - Right.
(He is so much blessed that he gets teary.)
People might misunderstand if they watch this show on TV later.
They would think we were in Siberia or something.
But this is Jeonju in Jeolla Province.
People who just started to watch this show would think,
"What is that? Is that Siberia?"
"Is that the Antarctic or what?"
"Why are they there in the winter? Where exactly are they?"
We're in Jeonju.
(Welcome to Jeonju.)
We don't usually expect to have snow in Jeonju, right?
Right.
- In fact... - We do in Gangwon Province,
but we get to expect something cultural in Jeonju.
Hanok Village! We should go there.
There was no Hanok Village when I lived here. I don't have a memory.
- Really? - Yes.
It was not built up when I was young.
It was not?
What about Deokjin Park?
This was built long ago.
It was? Were there swan boats back then too?
Yes, there were.
- The swan boats? - Yes.
(Sung Kyu wants to ride it even in the cold weather.)
(Gyeong Gyu doesn't want to because it's too cold.)
Can we ride it today, sir?
- Yes. Welcome. - We can?
Sorry?
We can even in this cold weather?
- If the customers want to. - Pardon?
If the customers want to.
Of course we want to.
For a safety reason...
- There are life vests. - This way, please.
Life vests? But there's a snowstorm.
I have to put my bag somewhere.
(Gyeong Gyu wants to escape from there,)
(but Sung Kyu slowly approaches him...)
(and helps Gyeong Gyu put on the life vest.)
(Sighing)
Wait.
(They put on the life vests side by side...)
(and head for the dock.)
Have you ever ridden it or not?
- When? - When you came here.
When I was young? Sure, I did.
- What? - I rode it when I was young.
Don't you want to ride it as soon as you see it?
Don't you want to rush onto it?
In this heavy snow?
Sir, is it really okay to ride it in this snow?
Yes. Some people even ride it after breaking ice.
Even after breaking ice? But there is no ice now.
- There is no ice now. - Right.
Is it that much fun?
I'm asking you if this is that much fun.
- Try to work on the pedal hard. - What?
- He said to pedal hard. - I asked if it's fun.
Is it? It's not that fun, right?
(I really don't want to ride it.)
I can't believe we're doing this here.
(Let's ride it together and share a good memory.)
I don't know what we're doing now.
Now that we're already here, we should ride it.
Well...
If you think about it deeply, it is quite awesome.
- Only two of us are in the lake. - Okay.
Why can't I see any lotus flowers?
(Sung Kyu gets in first.)
How come there are no other customers?
Gyeong Gyu.
(I'm here, Gyeong Gyu.)
Please sit down here.
Things are tough in this park.
(Gyeong Gyu reluctantly gets in too.)
This is...
(They're waiting for the departure.)
(Whispering)
(Laughing)
- No, that was just between us. - Sorry?
Pardon? What did you say?
He whispered this to me.
"Why are you riding it? It's freezing today."
Do you usually open this time of year?
Yes.
- Even when it's freezing? - Yes.
Did you have customers today?
No, not yet.
- Are we your first customers today? - I told you so.
But that's meaningful in its own way, isn't it?
- Meaningful, my foot. - I guess so.
This is unbelievable.
We're off now.
(The first sawn boat departs at last.)
(Feeling nervous)
Go easy on paddling.
(Can they ride this boat?)
My gosh, the view is spectacular.
(Paddling)
Hey.
The wind.
The wind is coming from opposite directions, so it's not moving.
Gosh, it's cold.
It's freezing cold.
Hey, go easy on that paddle.
Stop that.
I bet we are the only ones riding a boat in a weather like this.
This swan boat...
(It's for couples and families.)
is for couples to ride.
Or you ride it with your parents...
- or your kids. - We are almost a family.
But still. Gosh.
I only had good memories in Jeonju.
(He only had good memories until now.)
Seriously. All my memories in Jeonju were great.
Jeonju...
- You made another great memory. - Why am I in this trouble?
It's just like that life lesson.
You must be careful of the people you keep around.
(He's reminded of the truth about life in the boat.)
- What's wrong? - I'm cold.
It's cold today.
- It's windy too. - Sorry?
- It's windy today. - Yes, indeed.
The boat isn't moving forward either...
because of the wind.
(They wish this was just a dream.)
(Gyeong Gyu and Sung Kyu try to pluck up their spirits.)
Hey, that's Chonbuk University over there.
Yes, it's right next to the university.
- Is that so? - Yes.
That one is the high school you attended, correct?
- No, my school is on that side. - The park is between them.
So I used to come here often after school with my friends.
- This must be an old park. - Yes, it is.
It is, isn't it? It looks like it's been here for hundreds of years.
- Hundreds of years? - Yes.
(Their 5 minutes feel like hundreds of years.)
This is enough, right? It's enough to give you a memory, right?
- Yes, this is nice. - It's great.
- We made a precious memory. - Right.
(The boat returns with full of memories within 5 minutes.)
(Why are they back already?)
Sir, for how long do people usually ride this boat?
- About 50 minutes. - Sorry?
They ride no more than 50 minutes.
- No more than 50 minutes? - 50 minutes?
(They repeat after him at the same time.)
People ride this for 45 minutes?
(5 minutes were hard enough, but they ride this for that long?)
This is fun.
I'm having a blast.
My gosh, this is... Why do people ride this?
It's the best.
(The swan boat is the best.)
My gosh, it was fun.
- Sung Kyu. - Yes?
- It was fun. - Wasn't it fun?
(Then you should ride it a bit longer.)
- Snowing stopped when we got off. - Yes, it did.
Let's get out of Deokjin Park.
(Forget about the snow.)
- Sung Kyu. - Yes?
Let's get out of Deokjin Park.
Okay.
- Thank you. - Sir.
- We had a great time here. - Don't be stubborn,
and close your shop on a cold day like this.
You should call it a day. It's freezing today.
Bye.
(Bye, Deokjin Park.)
(It starts snowing again when they leave the park.)
Well...
Can't we take the train ride back?
- Right now? - Yes.
Let's drink something hot first.
- Let's get some coffee. - Let's think it over.
Okay.
- It's warm in here. - This is nice.
Indoor is the way to go during winter.
- Thank you for bringing it here. - Right.
- Please enjoy. - Thank you.
(Reaching)
(He wasn't giving that to me?)
(You went through a lot of trouble to get us on the swan boat.)
I knew it.
- Thank you. - Enjoy.
(He takes a sip of the coffee after teasing Sung Kyu.)
My gosh, it's good.
Why would I be in Jeonju on a snowy day like today...
- if it weren't for you? - I know.
- It's part of our memory. - I'm grateful for it.
I'm sure you will think...
about this moment some day in the future.
Be honest. How many times have you been to the park?
About five times?
Do you have a photo of you and your father at the park?
- Or with your mother? - I never took one with my family,
but I've been here.
I...
- I... - Do you have photos?
I have those photos.
Photos at Yongdusan Park in Busan.
- That's my father. - I see.
That's my dad.
He passed away.
And this.
- Who is that? - It's my brother. This is me.
- It was when I was 5. - You were 5?
I look angry back then too.
I guess that never changes.
I have memories at this place.
But you don't have photos at the park?
I do believe that taking photos is meaningful,
but I think it's more meaningful...
to etch the view in my eyes as well as my heart.
- Is that so? - Yes.
- Do you have a lot of friends here? - I have tons of friends here.
- Really? - Should I call my friend...
and use my friend as a guide in Jeonju?
An elementary school friend? Or high school friend?
He and I lived in the same area. I knew him since middle school.
Is your friend married?
No, no.
It's hard to meet up with my friends when they get married.
That's bound to happen.
Especially when they have children.
Some of my friends got divorced.
Some are separated too.
(He's telling Sung Kyu all sorts of things.)
As I get older, there are various kinds of changes around me.
I guess aging can't be stopped.
(Getting old can't be prevented.)
Seriously.
Truth be told, some of my friends aren't with us anymore.
I see. That's inevitable.
Some are dead.
You will experience many changes by provision of the nature.
There is no time like the present.
Present is always the best time of our life.
(Present is always the best time of our life.)
- Always. - I always believe...
that present is the best time of my life.
You think there aren't that many things to do at my age, right?
When I was young, I assumed...
that the older men had nothing else going on in life.
I was wrong.
As you get older, your desire to try new things doesn't disappear.
You still want to try new things?
Of course. Every age has its own goal.
Do you still want to try out various things?
Yes.
- Why were you mad about the boat? - My gosh.
Riding the swan boat doesn't suit the situation we are in.
Who rides the boat at my age?
But then you said...
- What? - It's not that.
Who rides the swan boat on a snowy day at my age?
- But you wanted to do new things. - That's irrelevant.
- Is there anything you want to try? - No, there isn't.
But didn't you tell me that people at your age want to try many things?
(I take it back.)
You were serious when you told me that...
age didn't influence your will to try new things.
When you get old, you start changing your opinions quickly.
And you have extreme mood swings. You have ups and downs.
- Did you have one just now then? - We have mood swings.
- Without anyone noticing? - It happens when you get old.
I have ups and downs.
Did that happen today too?
It happened about two times.
I was so happy at one point,
and I felt so unfortunate next.
Then what do you do to lighten up the mood?
I call my close friends or junior comedians...
and vent.
- Guess whom I usually call. - Lee Yoon Seok.
That's right.
He listens to me perpetually. You must learn that from him.
- He doesn't share his opinions. - Not at all.
He only listens to what I say.
This is how he looks.
(This is how you do it. Watch.)
(He's the model example of a loyal friend.)
In that sense, I like you.
- Who are you talking about? - You.
You don't dig deep when you ask questions.
(Gyeong Gyu, it's just that...)
(You'll also be my loyal friend, right?)
Actually, it's because I'm not interested.
(He's not interested in others.)
(He's shocked.)
(He's rejected as soon as he makes his confession.)
(I miss Yoon Seok.)
Okay.
(I was just joking.)
- Hey. - Yes?
- You know your debut song? - Yes.
- It's... - "Come Back Again".
It's "Come Back Again"? Then what about "You're Mine"?
- You mean, "Be Mine"? - "Be Mine".
"You're Mine".
- "Be Mine". - Okay.
Actually, I...
- Did you listen to it? - I listened to your songs.
I even saw your music videos.
(He's touched.)
You were the singer.
- I'm the main vocalist. - Exactly.
(Sung Kyu is the leader and main vocalist.)
"Be Mine". Was it "Sun"?
- Sorry? - What was the next song?
- Was it "Sun"? - "Sun"?
- What was the song? - The singer, Tae Yang?
Name other songs except "Be Mine".
- Other songs except "Be Mine"? - Yes, what were some other songs?
- "Paradise". - "Paradise"?
There was another one.
- "The Chaser". - Right, right.
"Man in Love", "Destiny",
"Back", "Bad", and "The Eye".
"The Eye". Yes, that song.
- Do you know the song? - Of course.
Then sing it for me.
What? You want me to sing?
(Making the sound of the wind)
(He tries to imitate the sound of a storm.)
That's a great song.
(What will their next destination be?)
(Streets in Jeonju are filled with Sung Kyu's memories.)
It's great.
(They walk alongside each other and make another memory together.)
(Gyeong Gyu feels lonely without his dogs.)
Should I be General for today?
(He welcomes Gyeong Gyu...)
(every time their eyes meet.)
(Gyeong Gyu is in a better mood now.)
(Will he be Gyeong Gyu's new pet?)
(You better watch out.)
(Joong Wan puts together outfits again for the guys.)
(Ong Niel Hwan love the outfits.)
(I love this.)
(They're excited about their new outfits.)
(The games never stop.)
(The penalties must go on too.)
(Will Seong Woo keep losing?)
(Moaning in pain)
(As they get close to the time they have to part ways)
I was happy.
(The memories...)
(make them sad and grateful.)
(Ong Niel Hwan Yook Soo's funny yet sad last night together)
(On the field of snow in Hokkaido,)
(the friends enjoy various winter sports like kids.)
Are you crazy or what?
(Gu Ra comes in first, of course.)
(The sled show ends in 3 seconds.)
- What should I do with the string? - I'll do it for you.
(Is he hugging her? A bit of unexpected romance)
(I want to do it too.)
("Love Letter", the rough version)
(The male lead is a romantic guy.)
(He's also a slapstick expert.)
I must say, it is funny.
(Romance buried in the snow)
(February 16, Friday, at 9:50pm)